okay we're a tree town toys of amber and
she's going to show us how to make a
gift bag for a piece of plush alright
we're going to choose our wrapping paper
need to make it long enough for the
plush here you're going to figure out
the width of the plush here so we need
it wider than that about that wide we'll
do off the extra paper here which is
optional sanitary base nice you know
takes back a little later yeah we're
gonna take a long piece of tape tape all
the way down the seam here they're gonna
make the bottom of the bag you fold up
the bag to however wide you're going to
need it for the plush guy to sit in
there so he'll fit in there nicely make
it seem hold up your bottom flap open it
up fold down the corners
so the seams in here line up down the
other corner pull down the top part hold
up the bottom to just overlap it there
and hey keep all the seams nice a very
sturdy that way
mm-hmm and that is our basis for our bag
and go ahead and open it up cut out the
bottom and our plush will fit right
inside there push him all the way down
the corners and down the top once he's
tape on the back and we've got our bag
tada and that's all there is to it and
in a hurry you can do that in under a
minute right under a minute perfect
thank you hi Sarah